---
title: My First Blog Post
description: Welcome to my Blog
date: 03 / 07 / 2021
tags: ['React', 'NextJS', 'Lifestyle']
---

This is my first blog Post in this Blog.
Well, before I have created this blog,
I was tired to find out many of my solutions in solving coding / application problems.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
Every time when I have solve a problem, I have quite forgotten after some days. <br/>
However, when there is a need for using this solution again,
I have to redo every steps that I have made before
and I will feel extremely anxious when I recognised that I need to do this.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
Therefore, write a note about what I have done to solve the problem 
is a pretty good way to avoid making the same mistake.
But another question comes out: What if my solution is wrong / It can only solve the problem partially?<br/>
I think that's not a correct way to overcome a problem and 
I think I need to find s way to force myself in finding the correct answer and understand the underlying problems that I have made.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
So, building this blog can fulfill my real aim: showing my solution to everyone 
instead of solving the problem roughly, so I can force myself to provide correct information publicly.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
Well, I can also share my solution to someone from this blog, which will help everyone saving their time so they do not need to find out the solution themselves or inspire someone to figure out a better solution.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
Besides, I would like this blog as my coding journal. 
Sometimes when I feel sad or I tired of coding, I can read this blog myself in order to encourage myself to work harder.
Sometimes when I get lost, this blog could be a light to my path.
<br/><br/><br/><br/>
So, it's time to start.